[docs] Improve "upgrading plans" documentation. (#5683)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/introduction/licensing/licensing.md

The features exclusive to the Premium version are marked with the <span class="plan-premium"></span> icon throughout the documentation.
:::

## Upgrading from Community

When you purchase a license for MUI X (Pro or Premium), it will unlock new [packages](#plans) you can use on your project.

> If you're using the data grid, the commercial npm packages (`@mui/x-data-grid-pro` and `@mui/x-data-grid-premium`) are a superset of the community.

Reviewer: Just to make it as clear as possible.

```suggestion
If you're using the data grid, the commercial npm packages (`@mui/x-data-grid-pro` and `@mui/x-data-grid-premium`) are supersets of their corresponding community packages.
```

You can upgrade the dependency on `@mui/x-data-grid` to the respective package of your plan, and replace all your imports.

```diff
//diff when upgrading to Pro

-import { DataGrid } from '@mui/x-data-grid';
+import { DataGridPro } from '@mui/x-data-grid-pro';
```

For more details on how to install the packages, please check out our [package installation guide](/x/introduction/installation/).

## Upgrading from Pro to Premium

When upgrading from Pro, you can upgrade the dependency on `@mui/x-data-grid-pro` to `@mui/x-data-grid-premium` and replace all your data grid imports.

```diff
//diff when upgrading from Pro to Premium

-import { DataGridPro } from '@mui/x-data-grid-pro';
+import { DataGridPremium } from '@mui/x-data-grid-premium';
```

:::info

> **Note:** You can use your Pro license as a credit when purchasing MUI X Premium.

Reviewer: We can cut **Note:** since it's made redundant by the callout.

```suggestion
You can use your Pro license as a credit when purchasing MUI X Premium.
```
